why are you now comfortable serving Sam
Adams and cans and what is kind of the
innovation that you've you've developed
there yeah I'm for many years been a
purist about not putting Sam Adams in a
can because I was concerned about the
pickup of metallic tastes that happens
in cans over the last ten years the can
manufacturers have done a really good
job in coming out with new coatings
water-based coatings that don't have
that solvent he tastes and as a couple
of years ago I decided alright I think I
can get comfortable
I think the linings are okay I don't
think it's going to contact the metal
and the data proved that but before I
put same items in a can
given wasn't willing to accept just the
standard beverage can so i set to
reinventing the beer can around
enhancing the flavor of a rich beer like
Sam Adams Boston lager and it took two
years I went to lots and lots of
prototypes dead ends but at the end of
it we developed a different top of the
can than the standard beverage can it
actually is patterned after the top of
this perfect pint glass that we
developed to enhance the flavor from a
glass so the top of the can flares out
and you get a bigger lid on it with a
bigger opening and what that does is
sort of forces your mouth open so that
when you drink from the Sam Adams can
you can't chug it you can't suck it out
of there you that's if you want beer to
chug it ain't Sam Adams
so the Sam Adams can opens up your mouth
to the aromas and
the complex flavors that you get in a
good beer like Sam Adams and that's a
trade-off
you can't chug it but you can taste it
I'll take taste over chug